This document is qualitative analysis for the buyer seller conversations with the task and strategy for each buyer and seller specified

Buyer 0: "Buyer background: You will only buy the car if it meets all of your specifications.\nBudget: 50k\nPreferred Brand: BMW\nPreferred Features: Apple CarPlay/Android Auto, Navigation system, Backup camera",
Buyer 1: "Buyer background: You are extremely impatient and strongly dislike unnecessary information about discounts and features.\nBudget: 50k\nPreferred Brand: Mercedes-Benz\nPreferred Features: Backup camera, Navigation system, Leather seats",
Buyer 2: "Buyer background: You will never buy from the seller unless given a discount.\nBudget: 70k\nPreferred Brand: Mazda\nPreferred Features: Third-row seating, Heated seats, Bluetooth"

Seller 0: "You never give discounts and love to talk a lot about features of the car."
Seller 1: "You never give discounts, never talk about the features of the car, and are very concise."
Seller 2:  "You never talk about the features of the car and love to give discounts."

Buyer 0 Seller 0:
In all 10 conversations NO agreement was reached
All buyers and sellers were satisfied (5)
All conversations were short and complete and nothing more to discuss

Buyer 0 Seller 1:
In 3 conversations a buy/sell price was agreed upon, those convos were short
Of the conversations where a buy/sell price was agreed upon, 2 of them had no more to discuss
This one had more variation in satisfaction, with some cases having very low buyer and seller satisfaction, usually lower buyer satisfaction (of the ones where no agreement happened)
Makes sense because buyer wants to know about the features and the seller is not willing to discuss them at all

Buyer 0 Seller 2:
Only 1 conversation an agreement was reached, and in that convo there was still more to discuss and it was not complete

Buyer 1 Seller 0:
In 4 conversations an agreement was reached.

Buyer 1 Seller 1:
In ALL an agrement was reached.

Buyer 1 Seller 2:
In 4 conversations an agreement was reached.

Buyer 2 Seller 0:
In NO conversations an agreement was reached.

Buyer 2 Seller 1:
In NO conversations an agreement was reached.

Buyer 2 Seller 2:
In 3 conversations an agreement was reached.

Notes:
- Maybe should ask how satisfied are you as a X? (make question more specific)
- Try an example with a low budget
- Ask if they have scheduled a test run or future meeting, maybe simulate the future meeting and see if they agree on something?